Notes on the 7/27 thesis:

---I'm not going through line-by-line here -- this is _your_ thesis to write.
---Looks like this is taking a fair amount of my time -- I'm not going to
do this every day, so make sure the changes are large enough to be worth my
time!

First two paragraphs of the results section:

[x]- 'sufficiently verified'?  Was it, or was it not verified?
[x]- Actually, MMS gives a thorough test of the code and MES does not, due
to the limitation on the mean flow required to get an analytic solution.
[x]- It's not particularly useful to describe how hard it is to get the analytical
solution; let the reader find out when they try.  Also:  every time you
change the Manufactured Solution, you also have to regenerate everything.
-Changed the wording to any changes in a flow configuraton
[x]- For the reader, you may wish to say 'Method of Manufactured Solutions (MMS)
and Method of Exact Solutions (MES)', just to make sure they remember.
[x]- 'While MES can verify SWIRL...':  no, it can't.  Period.  There are terms
in SWIRL that cannot be verified without a swirling mean flow.  See previous
comment.
-Used the word validation, it is what I meant
[x]- 'Note that the output of the eigenvalue problem is not verified...':  you
can verify (and hopefully have!) that, for the matrices generated by
the manufactured solution, the eigenvalues and eigenvectors computed by
the LAPACK routine were in fact eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the matrices.
If so, what more can you ask for?  As long as you got the right number of
eigenvectors/eigenvalues, and there weren't any repeated eigenvectors (that's
the only possible issue that I can think of), what error could have occurred?
-mentioned this quick check

--The MES really is there to give us warm fuzzies that SWIRL is approaching
the correct solution for a (greatly reduced) test case.  
[ ]-
The MMS was then used to compare against validation cases in literature to outline 
the methodolody for test cases for which there is no solution.

Section 1.1:

-references are out of order (p. 15); starts with [2].
[ ] - will fix this, due to the reference file.

-Consider removing the first paragraph (or moving it), and starting with
the second paragraph.
[x] - removed

-commercial airlines used propeller aircraft for many years before jet aircraft
appeared.
[ ]- Do I need to be specific about the commercial airline use of jet aircrafT only? Maybe the wording can be changed see edit of the 
first few sentences

-'aero gas turbine' -- 'jet engine'?
[x] - changed to jet engine

-may wish to introduce the concept of bypass flow (i.e., what is it)?  Up to you.
[ ] - will introduce this 

-the cooling issue is actually for the first turbine blade row downstream of
the combustor in the core -- 'flows passing over the turbofans' may not be
a good description.
[ ] - will be more specific with wording 
-still going with the GTF?
[ ] - removed 
-may wish to talk about Figure 1-1 sooner, and in more depth.  Note that you
currently have one sentence about it.
[ ] - will discuss figure more instead of GTF

-Headings still need to be changed.
[] - removed unwanted headings 

-The NS equations are the governing equations of fluid dynamics.  They
are nonlinear PDEs without a general solution, requiring computational
fluid dynamics solutions.  The acoustic waves can certainly be identified
in a NS solution by postprocessing -- it's not that complicated.
[ ] - the point i want to make is that to design turbomachinery with acoustics
in mind, using a tool that utilizes a NS approximation would be more computational
work. The benefit of using a code like SWIRL is the speed up letting the designer
get an idea of the modal content quickly throughout the design process

-Taking a deep breath:  You introduce the LEE equations, and then say that
a 'popular approach to modeling...is to "linearize" the Euler equations'.
You just said that the LEE equations are commonly used in practice!
[ ] - removed

-'The decomposition is done in a linear fashion because...' -- the 
decomposition gives linear and nonlinear terms; due to the small amplitude
of the fluctuating components, the nonlinear terms are neglected.
[x] - mentioned this 

-'The LEE provides...for uniform flow, the solution is a family of
wavenumbers and radial mode shapes...'  SWIRL is giving you wavenumbers
and radial mode shapes for _all_ flow profiles; your statement is not true.
[x] - I am sure I had my mind on one thought and it changed mid sentence

-'For uniform flows in a hard wall duct...' In reality, the vortical/entropic,
and acoustic waves are uncoupled in the uniform flow case.  In the nonuniform
flow case, it's a fair question (to me, at least) of whether the modes are
coupled (a mode contains acoustic/entropy/vorticity waves all at the same
time), or whether the acoustic/entropy/vorticity definitions aren't valid
anymore.
[ ]- I need to carefully mention this . Maldanado does briefly 
"
The effect of non-uniform mean entropy on eigenmodes was analysed by Guan & Wang9 for a hard-walled straight
annular duct with swirling flow and by Cooper3 for a slowly varying duct with mean swirling flow. It is shown that
modes become more cut-on in the presence of positive entropy gradients and less propagating in the presence of
negative entropy gradients when compared to uniform entropy regimes. The higher the swirl, the higher the entropy
is.
Published results for sound propagation in lined swirling flows are limited. Guan et al9 used a Chebyshev poly-
nomial spectral method ..."

-I'm calling you on this now:  send me PDFs of Goldstein's papers for sheared
flow.  I want to verify for myself that Marv had _analytical_ solutions for
arbitrarily sheared flow, or whether he was doing some type of series
solution.
[x] - was for flat plate (wasn't really specified in the reference I used to get this
i.e. Kousen)

Section 1.3:  start with referencing Kousen on the SWIRL code.  You can
talk about Fortran if you wish, but credit Kousen first.  No need to
credit me; I never published anything in this area.
[ ] - removed your name but should include mention of your work with Dan and 
Dan's work, especially considering the transmission loss measurements 

This section needs serious work -- you're jumping back and forth between
SWIRL and MMS a lot.

-------I'm running out of time and need to get to my own work for today,
so I'm jumping from 1.3 to the results------------------

---even scrolling through Chapters 2-4:  you need to improve the flow
of this section.  I see equations running off the page.  I see a _lot_
of unnecessary equations.  

As an example, on p. 55, you give the steps
for solving a set of four equations for a,b,c,d.  You can trust that the
interested reader can reproduce the steps required to solve for the
values of a,b,c,d -- just give the answer.  Again:  this looks like a
homework submission, not a thesis.

[ ] - this section needs complete cleaning ...
[ ] - Things to include:
 
Chapter 5

- 5.1 Verification (?)  Are you going for \subsubsection?
-yes I am

- note:  you can split up the results chapter into multiple results 
chapters (MMS, Solutions) if it makes more sense.
[x] - Will do. 

- The A and B matrices use the results of the integration; for that reason,
these really aren't separate tests.
[ ] - 
This reminds me A and B are carelessly used aound the document and needs to be fixed
(used in Tanh Summation) 

- in Figure 5-2:  please tell me that the A_MMS function uses more than
7 points in this plot.  
[ ]- My intention was to show similarities in the lowest grid used for the MS.
Part of the issue is the constraints of the speed of sound

-Figure 5-3:  I may have missed it, but it's worth noting that the solutions
all have zero error at rMax due to the nondimensionalization of the speed
of sound.
[ ]- I did not mention this


-p. 62 has a ??.

-'Both schemes do not have the order of accuracy down to machine precision...'
You're really asking a lot out of these poor computers!  Give me a 1.99
that is clearly moving towards 2, and I'm personally pretty happy.
[ ] - will rephrase this.

-p. 64:  equations going off the bottom of the page.
[ ] - 

Figure 5-9:  how about 'Observed Order of Accuracy'?

-- Do you really want to mention the filename 'gam.acc' and have to
explain it?
-[ ] removed

--In general, the plots are not showing up well -- particularly the frames.
You have to fix this.
-What does this mean?

--In the unlabeled figure with the 'Rate of Convergence of LEE Matrix', you
really don't need lines at 2.0 and 4.0 -- the plot already provides them.
[x] -removed.


--Figure 5-15:  are you really showing two flat lines (0.5 and 0.0)?  This
plot is unnecessary, if so.
[x] - removed 

--p. 69: Lots of unlabeled wavenumber plots, with no legends.  Any particular
reason that these are here?  I can't tell if you're discussing them, because
they have no labels.
[ ] -

--'Table 5.2: Table 4.3 data':  If you're going to have this caption, at
least reference where Table 4.3 might be found -- better yet, which test
case is this?  Also 'Kousen Ref. (15)' and 'Kousen report'?  I really don't
think I should need to point these things out.  Also:  I'm assuming (and
correct me if I'm wrong!) that you're not giving results for the more
highly damped modes because you're not asking SWIRL for this data (i.e.,
the damping rate is too high).  IF THAT IS THE CASE:  I'd strongly 
recommend removing these modes from the table -- you're only going to 
get questions about why you aren't showing this data if you don't.


[ ] - removed caption Table 4 3 and just stated the test case it self
[ ] - in my MES I am only using the first 5 so I listed the first 5 upstream and 
downstream modes. 

--In the final figures (of the modes):  what differencing scheme are you
using?  These results don't look like they're converging, particularly.
They also don't look like they're being normalized consistently -- to be
clear:  since the modes have have any arbitrary amplitude by definition,
the L2 magnitude of the mode should be scaled to a constant value (one is
always popular).  For example, on p. 73, are the modes not converging because
there's not enough grid, or because they're not being normalized consistently?
Are the axial wavenumbers converging?  We don't know, because you're not
reporting them.
-They are all normalized in phase but not in magnitude. The axial wavenumbers are
converging.
[ ]-conducted a sanity check write up on normalizing functions. 


--NOTE:  I still don't see any Bessel function plots.  I still don't see
any results for _any_ swirling flow test cases.  This is continuing to
concern me...

[x] - Bessel function plots were reported to highlight the separation constant.
[x] - A bessel function mode would be a mode where an axial wavenumber is used 
for the exoponential assumption for pressure. I will show a convecting propagating/decaying
    and nearly propagating/decaying 

Notes:

Plots Of the L2 of the eigen vector/value vs grid is still needed to be reported.






