
Some quick notes:

'one of the most destructive': Considering contrails and exhaust emissions, that's a
strong statement.
    - I switched the word to detrimental, less extreme

'Since the widespread use of Pratt...': fan noise has been an issue long
before the GTF.  Also:  how widespread is the GTF engine's use?
    - Reviewing The aircraft noise book showed me that it wasn't P&W's GTF
    specifically, but the availability of turbine-cooling materials that allowed 
    for more widespread use of HBR fans

'high-bypass-ratio of turbomachines': your meaning isn't clear.
    - Removed Pratt and Whitney and kept it general 

'utilize the Linearized Euler equations':  it sounds like you mean
the Euler equations (nonlinear) here.
    - whY does it sound like I mean nonlinear?

Note:  WHILE I'M ABSOLUTELY NOT GOING TO WRITE YOUR THESIS FOR YOU!!! you
may wish to point out (in your own words) that the N-S equations predict
the sound generation and propagation -- but are expensive to use for this.
Since sound waves are low-amplitude and viscosity has a small effect on
the waves, the LEE gives an efficient means to ...
    - Gave background to transition into LEE 

'whereas':  clean this up and make sure the reader understands that the
propagating waves are entropic, vortical, and acoustic.  In uniform mean flow,
these wave families are distinct; in nonuniform mean flow, they're coupled.
    - specified families are for distinct for uniform flow. Forgot to mention 
    three types of waves first, was missing acoustic waves.

'do not form a complete basis system...': I've strongly suggested that you
remove this statement, unless you wish to explain it.  If you wish to keep
it, it's your thesis.
    - I will remove this from the intro

ARGH!!! THE INSTANT YOU HAVE AN ARBITRARY, USER-INPUT MEAN FLOW PROFILE, YOU
MUST SOLVE THE EQUATIONS NUMERICALLY!!!!  If there's another way to solve
the system given discrete mean flow data points from the user, present
the reference here.
    -  I hope I mentioned this in the right spot.

Did Marv Goldstein present a general analytical solution for arbitrarily
sheared mean flows in Refs 13 and 14?  If so, why are we not using these
to test SWIRL?
    - Haven't gotten around to it. This was ignored because it utilized 
    a greens function which depends on an eulerian framework.

'This chapter will provide an introduction...':  isn't this the last
paragraph of the Introduction chapter?
    - Changed first sentence, will revisit to transition better.
