Writing an introdution: 

1. First, describe a situation
 There is a growth of CFD that is tandem with an engineers ability to access for rigorous 
 computational tools
2. Next, describe a problem or question that arises from that situation
However,given more complex geometries , there are more complex Flows and therefore
more complex aeroacoustic behavior.
3. Now describe how others have approached that problem or question
Aeroacoustic contributions
4. Explain a need To approach it in a different way or expand upon what's been done befOre
Provide a means of V&V that is formal and can aid the engineer in synthesizing the results 
5. What you aim to do

Example 1

Worldwide, the number of PhD students is increasing.

However, there is also evidence of disproportionate levels of stress among PhD

While there have been a limited number of studies to date which have highlighted 
the scale of the problem, and individual institutions have made efforts to provide
better support, there has been little research into the effectiveness of 
different interventions

This research will..

Example 2

Over the last 10 years, there has been a huge increase in the number of students 
in doctoral programs worldwide. Recent statistics from the UN estimate that...

While the increase in the numbers of doctoral students is seen globally, it is even more marked 
in developing nations such as...

This is in part due to the concerted effort at government level to ...

Although increasing engagement in doctoral research has a number of benefits, 
recent evidence has shown evidence of disproportionate levels of stress among PhD
students

State a Situation for why I am to do what I do:

UntiL the mid 90s, an aeroacoustics model for swirling flow had not been published.

It was only with the work in 1996 by Kousen (with his approach)that it waS first investigated. Golubev and 
Attassi had their contribution however this is work is not expanding on that

Our theory is a response to this "discovery" Or a response to a "preexisting theory"

